Now that we are passing the shopping cart for your model to work index for you, that's one the application
and then make changes to our view.
We have an error here.
Let me see what that is.
When we had to get something in the repository, we made the filter required property.
So because of which it is failing, that opened the repository and repository.
If I scroll down here, we will have to make this further indelible property.
So if it's not present, it will be known that they make the same change in the interface here.
And that's perfect.
We do not want to make for eternal inflation or default, because when we are getting one record that
will always be a condition based on that one record will be retrieved.
So with that, our credit goes away.
But we need to make a change in capacity since the filter can be now here.
We need to apply the filter only if that is not.
No.
Perfect.
Let's run that application and everything should work now.
And let's go to our shopping cart here.
Now, let me go and get the view and modify the details to display on the shopping cart.
Let me go back and we have to go to the index for you.
Insert card.
Let me close on that page.
First thing, what will be the motto here?
This will be the shopping cart view model.
So that is inside pocketbook models, dark view models.
We have the shopping cart view model, then we have a button to continue shopping.
And this should take us to the home page so we can define when someone clicks here, we can go to the
area of customer control, will be the home controller and action will be the index action.
That way, it will take us back to the home page that scroll down.
We have the image and all the other properties for a shopping cart.
So this particular role that we have, we will have to repeat that every time for the shopping cart
items so that it had before each loop.
And we would say really about item in model that list cart.
I will also include H.R. and then close to four each.
Let me open to for each look now.
And first thing here is image, which is inside item, dark product, dark image water.
So everything will be inside item dark product so we can just copy this.
Next, we have the title that is inside item dark product title books.
The description it's using the rich text box.
So to display that, we will use HDR amount of dark, raw and inside that we will have item, dark product,
dark description.
We scroll down.
That could save this.
Let's go back and refresh this look scared.
Let's display the price and current price will be an item that product price and multiply that by the
count that is inside item dark count.
Let's see if that.
Go back and refresh and perfect.
Let me display the price and currency of the space here.
So what saved up to string and we want the currency format?
Great.
That looks much better.
We can add a space before and after x year.
Let's go back.
And that looks good.
After that, the patterns here, where they work on that later on.
But we want something to display the grand total, how well they do that.
What I will do is if we go back to the code and if we open the card controller insert customer, I can
add one more property here, which will be order total.
Support fact, we have the price right here.
But one thing, if you remember we have in our logic is if they go to home and details, the price depends
on the quantity.
So if someone increases the quantity, the price will decrease.
So at that rate, we need some logic to find out what will be the final price of the item in the shopping
cart.
So to hold that dynamic property, what we can do is if we go to our shopping cart model.
We can add one more property at the bottom here, which will be prop double price.
Now you might be thinking that when we add a property here, it will add that to the database when we
add migration.
We do not want that this property will be a place holder and it should not be mapped to the database
for such properties.
We have an attribute here which is not mapped.
This does Entity Framework Code that we have one property in this class, but we do not want this to
be mapped to our tables and database.
So if we go to our card controller inside here, we need some logic to calculate the final price based
on the count.
The logic for that is pretty simple, but let me create a function here, which will be price based
on quantity.
What they will do is in parameter here, they will receive quantity and based on that quantity.
Let us receive all the praise.
So we have price price 50 and price 100.
We're going to check here if quantity is less than or equal to 50.
In that case, we returned price then in the spark.
We will check if quantity is less than or equal to 100.
We return price 50 elsewhere.
Return price hundred.
The return type here will be double for the price.
So this method looks good.
We just need to invoke that and we need to pass the quantity.
We need to invoke that for all the items in our shopping cart.
So we need a for each loop here.
And was it really about car and shopping cart, new model, tallest car?
We want to populate the cart dark price, which is the property that we just added from our method,
which is get price based on quantity, contract count.
That's what we pass here and then we need to pass on the price.
So that is inside product price.
We have price 50 and price 100 so that it will calculate the final price.
And that's saying that our shopping cart, once we save this inside our index, where we are displaying
price, we will not display the product price.
We will display item about price.
That is the price that will be calculated.
That looks good.
Let's run the application.
Let's go to our card here.
And you see the price is thirty five.
We only have eight books here.
Let's add more giant and thieves to our card.
Let me add one more.
That time, the price should be 34.
Let's ask them.
And perfect, you can see the process changing based on the quantity that the had.